So I put as having a Mac as a requirement for this course, because it works really well for learning
shell scripting, because it has everything you need on it.
You have your graphical interface, which you're probably already used to, and then you can just open
up Terminal and start typing right away.
And there's even a built in text editor to help you write your scripts.
But I'm just going to show you something here.
You don't have to worry about what I'm doing right now.
I'm just setting up a little Linux machine that I can show you some differences.
So basically, what's the difference between macOS and Linux?
The good news is for you, not very much.
So that's what the shell--that's why shells were developed.
So basically your shell could stay mostly the same, you know, commands could be the same.
And then you can put that shell on a different operating system and it would run just the same.
I'm just logging into my Linux machine over here now so I can show you some differences.
So I echo what shell I'm, in, so you'll notice that we used bash, but this one is another show called
zsh, which is basically compatible with bash.
If I take the same thing over here, there's the bash that we used before and, you'll notice I
was able to use the echo command on both.
So this is Linux and this is macOS, which is also goes by the name Darwin.
But I mean, even see here, since these are totally different systems, I was able to run the same
command and get different output.
So that's why shell scripting is kind of appealing because, you know, I can develop my shell script
on the Mac and then if I want it to run Linux, I can have it do that.
That's easier said than done, of course, but by the end of the course, you'll have some skills to
know how to do just that.